Bullying a little girl like that
There is too much power outside.
Little white face
I advise you not to meddle in your own business
Just your little body
Forget about that hero saving beauty
Go to the zebra club and be a duck
I have been practicing martial arts abroad for more than ten years
I didn't expect to use it on you
How about trying it?
You wait for me.
This lady
Are you all right?
you
Don't be sad, brother will always protect you.
I miss you knowing me
Nian Nian has been missing for 20 years
It's just like him
do not know
It's just that you and I look a bit like hired people
I see your foot hurts.
My house is nearby
Why don't you go to my house and rub some medicine?
Why do you think this person is so kind?
President, find Foshan
Immediately retrieve all nearby surveillance
Block all roads
If something happens to Nian Nian
Only you 100,000